well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
how your brain works and some of the
wilder let's just call them theories
that are floating around out there when
you look at a cloud and you see a bunny
or a face or you see it in smoke or in a
pattern in the texture on the wall are
you actually seeing a bunny oh you're
not your brain is seeking out a pattern
it's trying to make sense of it it's
what your brain does it's designed to do
that it makes you feel more comfortable
to be able to identify something it
makes you more comfortable to understand
what you're dealing with to be able to
see that so that's what's happening
that's where a lot of these theories are
coming from people are trying to bring
order out of the chaos to make
themselves feel more comfortable that's
why there's a lot of variation in the
theories themselves in their starting
points you know it was this it was that
it was these people it was those people
it doesn't matter because we're gonna
skip over all of that we're gonna go to
the main plot point the main point that
everybody's kind of agreeing on this was
all designed to usher in a new
authoritarian rule cool well let's just
talk about that for a second the string
pullers of the world those Ivy League
individuals these are generally pretty
smart people that get named in these
things their plan to usher in
authoritarian measures was to create a
situation in which they have normalized
wearing masks and gloves
everywhere you go because it's much
easier to control people when you can't
identify them
they've created a situation in which
half the country is stocking up on food
medicine water a lot of them guns and
ammo all of the stuff you would need to
maintain or fight back in the event of a
torrid Aryan rule it's not looking so
good
this theory doesn't make a whole lot of
sense more importantly it undermines the
very basis of government what is the
government there for why do people think
they work why our government well they
need to be protected it's clearly
demonstrating the government is
incapable of doing that doesn't breed a
whole lot of things it makes the
enforcement class those cops and
correctional workers makes them unlikely
to exercise the government's monopoly on
violence because they don't want to
touch anybody it undermines their most
trusted and most effective method of
control it degrades military readiness
something they would need if they were
intent on assuring in this new regime it
cartels Creature Features concerts
sporting events all of this stuff that
ever since the days of Rome the elites
the rulers have known is required to
keep the populace us common folk from
about rebelling because everybody's at
home everybody is using electronic
communications which creates so much
again it's impossible to filter so they
can't monitor it there's just too much
it closes those circles of trust and
creates ad hoc cells de facto cells
something they would be very unlikely to
encourage the main plot point of these
theories doesn't make sense
those people at the time they benefit
most from tranquility from calm they can
make big short-term gains during chaos
but overall long-term growth business as
usual is what helps them but people want
to see that bunny they want to bring
that order out of chaos it makes them
feel more comfortable let me tell you a
more likely theory the more likely
theory is that it's already here and you
don't know it South Dakota's governor
was very reluctant to issue a stay at
home more so much so but now it's kind
of out of control there the mayor of
Sioux Falls is begging first day at home
order the mayor of Rapid City has signed
a petition for one along with like
30,000 other people in a very low
population state asking for one the
governor who is one of trumps minions
said that it was the individual was
right to determine whether or not they
could work or stay home or go to church
or whatever because we're in America we
have that freedom I agree with that
I agree with that it is your right to
determine that it is you should have
that authority that authority of that
agency you should have that so why
aren't people doing it because they
already exist in the system that is
authoritarian and they don't know it
there's an inherent coercion in our
current system because the average
person can't exercise that autonomy that
agency that authority unless the
government tells their boss it's okay
otherwise they'll get fired their
landlord will throw them out there's an
inherent coercion in this system
it's not a bug it's the design the
authoritarian rule people who subscribe
to these theories are worried about it's
already here it is already here and well
they love Big Brother they're willing to
go out and advocate and say well I need
to go to work because if I don't then
this will happen and they think it's a
good idea because they love Big Brother
they love that system that much most of
those people who are already or who are
advocating these these theories they're
already firmly in the grasp of that
authoritarian rule the one they fear I
was going to do a whole video on this
next point but there's no reason to
people have been asking how long or when
did the government get all of these new
powers when when did they become able to
do this and order people to stay at home
and blah blah blah they've had them for
a really long time and they put them
into widespread use more than a hundred
years ago they've had them for much
longer than that this isn't new some of
the surveillance measures are new and
those should be opposed I don't trust
the government with my data especially
given the fact that they can't even
handle their own but it's not out of
fear of some authoritarian regime
because that's already here and most of
the population doesn't know we're living
under it if you want freedom if you want
that you have to exist in a system that
allows it and if your system has you
under the boot of somebody else you
don't have freedom it doesn't matter
what flag they wave what song they play
or what quotes they use if somebody can
coerce you into going to risk yourself
for their economic benefit mainly in
you get the crumbs you are existing in
Orwell's future anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day